---
layout: post
author : "Manju Jain"
title:  "TODO Karambeli - Sports "
date:   2017-11-22 
categories: a2
hero_image: /assets/img/District323A2/karambeli/Sports/IMG_20191005_142603.jpg
image: /assets/img/District323A2/karambeli/Sports/IMG_20191005_142603.jpg
hero_height: is-medium
hero_background_size : cover
hero_darken: true
published: true
---

District 32 3A2 has adopted a village in Panvel Taluka of Raigad district called KARAMBELI. Since it's adoption around 3 yrs back, District has taken many developmental activities in the village. Village is situated on a hillock below the Sahyadri range of mountains. 70 families reside there with a population of around 365. The Adivasis residing here are mainly dependent on farming. Those who do not have their own land work as farm labourers. There is a ZP School in the village which provides education upto 7th grade. Around 65 students are studying in this school in different grades. There are 3 class rooms shared by all. Classroom verandas are also used as an independent classroom.

We identified their major problems :

1. No water supply in the school.

2. classroom verandas (with  3 feet wall and asbestos sheets on the top, no door) were stray animals like cows, goats and hen had free entry.

3. Malnutrition amongst children.

4. Poor sanitation.

5. Village ladies had to travel long distance to fetch drinking water (between Feb and June) till the onset of monsoon.

6. Farmers with no money to use their land for cultivation were forced to work as farm labourers.

7. No public transport facility. 

8. No medical facility anywhere in the radius of 4 km.

Once aware of these issues , we started working on them one by one.
Here's what WE as a Team could do.

{% include image-gallery.html folder="/assets/img/District323A2/karambeli/Sports/" %}


